Even when life gets bad, people generally choose it over nothing. 
Even the worst versions of life, even a shitty shitty life is worth living.

  1. something gets adj. = turns adj. 变得xx 侧重事物动态变化
     I am lost. 侧重当下状态
     I get lost. 侧重由不迷路到迷路的变化。
     
  2. choose something over xx  选择xx而不是xx
     choose A over B 选A而不是B
     
     to choose work over retirement 宁愿工作也不想退休
     You choose hime over me. 你选择了他，而非我。
     
     I don't want you to think I'm chooseing this over family.
     我希望你不要误会在我心中这些比家人更重要。
  
  3. versions of xx xx的版本
     version 2.0 2.0 版本
     
  4. something is worth doing xx值的做
      It's worth visting. 这个地方值的一去。
      
      Whatever is worth doning is worth doing well!
      任何值得做的事就值得把它做好。
   5. shitty  worthless   低劣的,
   
Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do.
  1.who cares if ..? 谁会在意xx发生呢？
    Who cares if you quit? 谁在乎你退不退出？
    Who cares if it worked or not? 谁管它能不能用呢?
    Who cares if there's a few details you'd rather not remember?
    谁会在意你不愿意想起的那点小细节呢？(你只记得你想记得的事)
    
  2.one more  多一个xx；再一个xx
    one more time 再一次
    one more chance 再多一次机会
    One more question and I'll leave you in peace. 再问一个问题，我就不打扰你了。
    
  3.go out 熄灭
  
at some point, real character's always gonna shine through.
  1. at some point 在某一刻
    
  2.character
    字符，字母，文字
    the Chinese character for 'horse'
    
    角色
    DiCaprio played the lead character in Titantic
    
    品质，特点，特色
    character flaw 性格缺陷
    
  3. shine through
    表现出来，闪耀
    
    It is difficult to shine a light through this thick mist. 光线很难穿透这么浓的雾.
    
    Let your uniqueness shine through. 把你的独特之处展示出来。


A man is known by the silence he keeps -- Oliver Herford
由其沉默，知其为人
  1.be known by something/someone 被xx所知
    be known as xx 作为xx而著名   一般是职业和身份
    be known for xx 因为xx而著名  一般是特点，特长
    
    The man is known by his behavior. 可根据一个人的行为来判断他的为人。
    A man may uswally be known by the books he reads as well as by the company he keeps.
    欲知其人，常可观其所读之书，恰如观其所交之友。
    
  2. be known by xx to be adj 以xx特点为人所知
    The Earth is known by all to be round. 大家都认为地球是圆的。
    
  3. the silence he keeps. 他所保持的沉默
    keep silent 保持沉默
    
It's a constant battle that rages within all of us, between the better angels of our nature and
the temptation of our inner demons.    

  1. It's a constant battle that rages within xx xx内心不断挣扎
    constant battle 持久的斗争
    rage verb 发怒
    
    She has fought a constant battle with her weight. 她一直在竭力控制体重。
  2.between xx and xx 在xx和xx之间
    
  3. better angels of our nature 我们本性中好的一面
  
  4. the temptation of our inner demons. 我们内心魔鬼的诱惑
  
    temptation noun. 诱惑
    angel 天使，
    demon 恶魔
