Don't ever let anyone take your power away or make you feel that you 
can't have an impact in the world just because they said so.
  1.take away 拿掉，去除
    Coumputer, take away two wrong answers,please. 请电脑去掉2个错误答案。
    
  2.have an impact in the world 在世界里产生影响，在世界里有所作为
    have an impact on the world 对于世界产生影响
    
    have an impact on somebody/something 对xx有影响，冲击
    
    And now the only thing I have impact on. Was the sidewalk.
    
  3. Just because..  doesn't mean  就因为.. 不代表
    Just because I am laughing doesn't mean that I am happy.
    我在笑不代表我开心。
    
  4. don't ever ... just because they ... 不用因为别人.. 你就.. 
  
      Don't ever feel inferior,just because they said you can't.
      不要因为别人说你不行，你就妄自菲薄。


You had a bad day
You're taking one down
You sing a sad song
Just to turn it around
  
    1. have a bad day 不顺心，糟糕的一天
       I've had a bad day at work. 今天上班很糟糕。
       
       If I've had a bad day I'll work it off by cooking.
       我要是那天不顺心，就去做饭排解一下。
       
       You can't all of sudden be my best friend just because you had a bad day.
       不能因为今天不顺心，就指望咱俩关系突然变好了。
       
    2.take one down
      make a person feel low 心情低落
      
    3. you do xx just to .. 做xx 只是为了... 
      He left the meeting just to  make a phone call.他离开会议室就是为了打电话。
      
      He left the meeting just for a phone call. 他因一通电话离开了会议。
      
      to 表示目的
      for 表示原因
      
    4. turn around 把xx翻转过来
       turn xx around 扭转乾坤，变得越来越好
       
       We are losing in the first half but we managed to turn things around by the end of the game.
       我们在上半场失利，但是在比赛结束之前扭转了局面。


Success is a menace. It fools smart people into thinking they can't lose.
    1.menace 危险的事，引起麻烦的人或事
      A careless driver who was a menace to public safety. 对公共安全有威胁的粗心的司机
      
      You don't seem like a public menace to me. 你不像是会给我们制造麻烦的人。
      
    2. nuisance /'nju:sns/
      
      A nuisance is something or someone that cause trouble; a source of unhappiness. 带来烦恼的人或事
      
      A menace is something that is a source of danger. 会带来危险，危害
      
    3. fool xx doing xx 欺骗某人做某事
    
      You'll never fool me into believeing you. 你别想骗我相信你。
      
      We fooled the boss into giving us all the day off. 我们哄骗老板给我们一天假期。
