Solitude is where you find yourself so that you can reach out to other people and 
form real attachment.


1.solitude 孤独一人  /loneliness
  
  A man can be himself only so long as he is alone;... if he does not love solitude, he 
  will not love freedom; for it is only when he is alone that he is really free. [schopenhauer 叔本华]
  
  solitary adj 孤独的；隐居的 /alone,lonely,isolated
  
  solo  独奏
  soliloquy  自言自语 soli独自+loquy说
  
  
2. reach out to other people 把手伸向其他人 / 接触，联系xx

  reach out for help 寻求帮助
  reach out to someone 向xx伸手
  
3. form real attachments 建立真正的关联


Quiet, composed, graceful, disciplined. These are the qualities we see in Mulan.

1.composed adj.沉着的；镇静的
  compose verb 作曲
  composer n. 作曲家
  
  His composed face reassured the nervous passengers. 

2.graceful adj. 优雅的

3.disciplined adj. 遵守纪律的；受过训练的

  self-disciplined adj 能自律的
  If you want success, you'll need to be self-disciplined. 如果你想成功，你需要自律。
  
  Students should be highly self-disciplined, communicative and respectful to different cultures.
  同学们必须具有高度自律精神和沟通能力，且相互尊重不同的文化。

4. matchmaker 媒婆；媒人
  The matchmaker has found you an auspicious match. 媒人给你找了一个好婆家。
  
  auspicious  有前途的；有利的
  auspicious day 黄道吉日
  The Little Match girl 卖火柴的小女孩  match 火柴.


Who is that girl I see
Staring straight back at me 
When will my reflection show
Who I am inside 

  1.stare straight back at xx 回盯；瞪xx
    I have to believe there was more in his eyes than my own refection staring back at me.
    我必须相信，在他的眼里我看到的不止是我自己。
    
  2. stare right back at 
  
  3. show reflection 显出倒影
    When will my reflection show who I am inside?
    何时我的倒影才能显示出真正的我自己？


When the world turns its back on you. you turn your back on the world.

  1. turn one's back on stb./sth.
    不理睬；背弃；不帮助；
    
  2. Never turn your back on a friend.  永远不要背弃朋友。


Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they never
failed to imitate them. --James Baldwin

  1. be good at xx 擅长；善于
    I used to be good at cricket, but now I'm out of practice.
    我板球曾打的很好，可惜现在已经生疏了。
    
    You have to be good at spotting trouble on the way and heading it off.
    你必须善于发现潜在的麻烦并加以化解。
    
  2. listen to the elders 听老人言
  
  3. old/elder/elderly/senior的区别
    old 可以形容人或物，其他三个只能形容人。
    
    My mom is getting old. 年老。
    
    用在人身上时，elderly=old(elderly更礼貌) "年迈的，上了岁数的"
    an old patient = an elderly patient 年级大的病人
    
    senior adj 资深的，级别或地位较高的
    The company is promoting more women into senior manager roles.
    公司正在提拔更多的女性职员成为高级经理。
    She is slightly senior, and therefore thinks she's in charge of me.
    她入行比我稍微早一点，就觉得是我的上司了。
    
  4. failed to xx 没能做成xx/不能xx
    He was not such a fool as to failed to see that point.
    他不至于傻的一点看不出来。
    
    It was you who failed to specify when or where. 你没说什么地方；什么时候.
    
    Most people don't plan to fail, they fail to plan.
    没有人想要失败，往往是未能好好计划。
