Choice is less about what happens than it is about how we deal with it.
选择不是发生什么，而是我们如何应对。

You'll never understand why you went through what you went through, util
you see the strength, the power, the resilience that it built inside of you.

1.go through 
  1.1 经历，经受
    You will never know what she went through to educate her children.
    你永远也不会知道她为了教育孩子，吃了多少苦。
  1.2 检查
    He thought it his duty to go through the papers.
    他认为自己有责任检查这些文件。
  
  1.3 任务完成
    After months of efforts the work finally went through. 经过数月的努力，工作终于完成了。
    
    
2.resilience 韧劲 弹力 快速恢复的能力
  This wool possesses high resilience and tensile strength.这种毛弹性大，拉力强。
  
  She has shown great resilience to stress. 她对压力表现出极大的适应能力。


I know that spades are the swords of a soldier  黑桃像士兵的剑
I know that the clubs are weapons of war        梅花可以是战斗武器
I know that diamonds mean money for this art    方块象征钱
But that's not the shape of my heart.           但它不是我红桃的形状。

  1. play cards 打牌
    poker 扑克
    joker 大小王
    J-Jack
    K-king
    Q-Queen
    

You can't just sit there and put everybody's live ahead of yours and think that counts as love.

1. put everybody's lives ahead of yours 把别人的生活看得比自己还重
2.count as 视为；算作；看成
  All this would count as progress.
  所有这些都可以认为是在进步。
  


We all have childhood issues. At some point, you just need to grow up and get past them.

  1. childhood issues 童年时的问题，童年阴影
  
     family issues = family problems 家里的问题
     abandon issues 因童年时期被抛弃，长大后对配偶过于依赖的问题
     friendship issues
     environmental issues
     political issues
     
  2.at some point 在某一时刻
    At some point kids start doing things they didn't use to do. They get more independent.
    
    
  3.get past xx 经过；通过
  
  
  Let us preserve what must be preserved, perfect what can be perfected, and prune practices that ought to 
  be prohibited.
    继承必须继承的，完善能够完善的，取缔应该禁止的.
    
    
    1.preserve 保存
      preserved what must be preserved. 让我们继承那些必须继承的。
      
    2.perfect 使完美，完善
      As a musician, she has spent years perfecting her technique.
      身为音乐家，她多年来在不断技艺上精益求精。
      
    3.prune  西梅，
      修剪树枝
      Please prune the twigs off. 请将小枝剪下。
      
      If you could prune away the unnecessary adjectives in this essay, it would be improved.
      
    4.practice  实践；实际行动；行为
      practise 练习
      
      practice makes perfect. 熟能生巧。
      
    5.prohibit  禁止
        Fishing is prohibited. 禁止钓鱼。
        Smoking is strictly prohibited inside the factory. 工厂内禁止吸烟。
    
