1. out of bounds 出界；界外
  That gay was an inch out of bounds. 那家伙就出界了一点儿。
  
  What you did is so completely out of bounds. 你这样做真的是太过分了。

2. counseling n. (对个人、社会、心理问题的)咨询服务
  We are recommended to do counseling on marital problems and disagrements.
  有人建议我们进行关于婚姻问题和夫妻不和睦的咨询。
3.modification n. 矫正；改动
  
  May I suggest one little modification here? 我能提议在这里进行小小的改动吗？
  
4. Let's hope it does't come to that. 但愿最后不会那么严重。

5. to name a few 仅举几例
  She has been a dentist, a basketball payer and a pilot，to name a few.
6. all the minuses of C language. c语言的所有缺陷

7.fiddle with， twiddle 玩弄 

8. concise 简洁的
The explanation of the science at work was clear, concise and comprehensible.

9.downside 缺点
  The main downside of the C++ interface is that many embedded development systems at the moment support only C.

10.bonus 奖金，红利，好处
  good weather is an added bonus but the real appeal is the landscape。
  
  In other words we use at all times only as much memory as we need to perform the task.
  
  at all times 每时每刻

11.aka 又名

12. beforehand 预先；事先
  I did a lot of the cooking beforehand. 我事先做了很多烹饪。

1. trait 特点；特征  feature, characteristic
  it surely sacrifices for this the safety trait of iterators。
  它肯定会牺牲迭代器的安全特性。

13. what's what 哪个是哪个，什么是什么；整理清楚，真是情况
  What's that pile over there? It's hard to tell what is what.
  那边堆得是什么玩意儿啊？ 根本看不出来什么是什么。
  
  Once Julia starts a new job, it always took her a couple of weeks to lean what is what.
  每当朱利安开始新的工作的时候，她总得花上几个星期才能熟悉情况。
  
14. which is which 哪个是哪个；两者的区别是什么
  what is what 你已经知道这些是是不同的事物，本身明白他们的区别，只是太杂乱无法辨别，which is which 怎么区分都还不知道
  
  Emily's dress and mine are so nearly alike that I can't tell which is which.
  艾美莉的裙子和我的几乎一模一样，我简直分不清哪件是哪件。
  
15. who's who 谁是谁？；重要人物
  The twins are nearly same, I can't tell who is who. 双胞胎简直一模一样，分不清谁是谁!
  
  After about a year, Jason had lived in this town enough to know who was who. 
  杰森在这个镇上住了大约一年后，才认识了这里的一些重要人物。

16.pile up 积累；累积
  It's really piling up. 堆积如山那！
  
  Don't pile up things on the lawn. 不要把东西堆在草坪上。
  
  Their problems are pilling up. 他们的问题越积越多。
  
17.mess up 混乱，垃圾
  What a mess here, babe. I will clean until it's sparking. Do not mess it up.
  你这儿也太乱了！我收拾干净了，别再弄乱了！
  
18.flaw 缺点，瑕疵，纰漏，漏洞
  That's what i would call a flaw in that plan. 这就是那个计划的不足之处。
  
  character flaw 性格缺陷
  
  Everyone has flaws./No one is perfect. 人无完人。
  
19. What are you doing? 你这是什么意思？
   直接的意思“你这干什么？”
   不同的口气，语气表达出来的意思不同，你现在这么做是什么意思？ 你说这话什么意思？
   
   W:See? That's what I would call a flaw in the system. 看吧，这就是你所谓系统的漏洞之处。
   H:What are you doing? 你说这话是什么意思？
