1. 我们扯平了
    1.1 call it even 
    Both of us pay 200, let's call it even. 我们各付200，就算扯平了吧。
    1.2 so there 
      I don't like lying.
      I don't like your ironings, so there. 我也不喜欢你烫的衣服，扯平了。
      
      Little boys, okay, okay. He got three candies, and you've eaten one, 
      then you got two candies, so there. No more no less.
      都一样了，不多也不少。
      
    1.3 neigher here nor there  都不重要
       一点儿也不沾边
      What you said/What you are telling is neither here nor there. And the 
      important thing is .. /what really matter is ..
      
      You just said what I've told you is neigher here nor there, then what's the important thing?
      既然你说这样不重要，那也不重要，你说，什么才重要?

2. there and then , then and there 立刻，当场，当下
    
    He offered to put her down there and then but I could't let him.
    他提出当场就要结束她的生命，但是我阻止了。
    
    To  my surprise, they send me the offer there and then. 出乎意料的是，他们当场给我发了offer。
    
3. all there  都在那了，该说的都说了
  
  It was all there in the e-mail
   邮件里已经说得很清楚了。


Wow! Look at that rock! Mark finally proposed!
Yep. I kind of gave him an ultimatum, so he had no choice.
You guys make a perfect couples. Congratulations!
Thanks. I'm so excited to be engaged.
Have you set a date yet ?
We're thinking about sometime next fall.
Sounds great. Let me see that rock again. Nice.
He does have good taste in jewelry. I'll give he that.

A:But from now on, When I run into you on the street, and I say, "good morning, Mrs Huber"
  Or "how are you, Mrs.Huber?" Just know that inside,I'm quietly but decidedly hating your 
  guts.
B:Careful dear,let's not say things we'll live to regret.
A:good evening ,Mrs.Huber.


    1.gut 
      内脏，肠子，胆量，勇气；
      毁坏，取出内脏，改变内部结构
      
    2. hate somebody's guts 恨某人恨到肠子里了
        I really hate your guts. 我恨死你了。
    
    3. gut something 开肠破肚
       Can you help me gut the fish?
       你能帮我把鱼剖一下吗？

    4.somebody's gut(says) 某人的直觉是
        Although she is trying her best to fit in, her gut says that she's still not popular here.
        虽然她很努力的想融入大家，但是她的直觉告诉她这里依旧不欢迎她。
    Always trust your gut. If you feel something is wrong, that's because it usually is.
    
    5. gut feeling , instinct 直觉
      Everybody has their guts feelings, so do I. And they tell me that there's still lots of things.
      人人都有直觉，我也不例外。我的直觉告诉我我仍然还有许多事情要做。
      
    6. gut reaction 本能反应
        What's your gut reaction when you see older people fall?
        
    7. work/sweat/slog guts out 拼了命的干... 努力的工作，夸张的表达自己工作到吐血
        I ran my guts out in the race, but finally I just got the third prize.
        比赛时我用尽全力赛跑，但是最后只拿了第三名。
        
    8.have/get the guts to do something  有勇气做某事
        She does't have the guts to express her love to him. 
