Life is not the amount of breaths you take. It's the moments that take your breath.
生命的本质不在于你活了多久，而是那些让你怦然心动的时刻。

Heavy lies the crown.
欲戴王冠，必承其重

Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is we are powerful beyond measure.
It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us.

  1. inadequate adj 足够的；合格的；够好的
  
    adequate 指数量上足够；质量上适当
    enough   口语、书面语可用，较侧重分量或数量足够
    sufficient 正式用词，侧重数目或者数量或程度达到某一特定要求或需要
    
    Adequate Sleep to Reduce headaches.   数量上
    多睡觉，头不疼。
    
    One in four people worldwide are without adequate homes. 质量上
    全世界有1/4的人没有一个像样的家。
    
  2. beyond measure 无法测量
    measure verb.  测量
    
    We are powerful beyond measure. 我们拥有无法测量的力量。

The players are gonna play.
And the haters are gonna hate.
I'm just gonna shake it off.

  1.player 捉弄人的人
      运动员，演员，花花公子
      
  2. hater
    喷子，键盘侠
    
  3.shake it off 通通甩掉；摆脱；解脱
  
    He was generally feeling bad. He just couldn't shake it off.
    他整个人感觉不太舒服， 总是好不了。
    
  4. off the hook 脱钩
  
  
  The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
    1. the distance between A and B  A和B之间的差距
    
    and that I created a distance between you and Lily.
    
    2. is measured by xx 靠..衡量
      Life is measured by thought and action, not by time. 生命是靠思维和行动，而不是时间来衡量的。
      
  
Every man's life ends the same way. It is only the details of how he live and how he died that distinguish 
one man from another.
  1.end the same way 以相同的方式结束
   They all end the same way. 他们的下场都一样。
   
  It always ends the same way. 最后总是不欢而散。
  
  
  2. distinguish one man from another 区别开一个人和另外一个人，让两个人产生差距
    That's what distinguishes us from other online dating services. 
    这就是我们和其他在线约会服务不一样的地方。

The whole thing's been about rising to each challenge no matter the odds, because that's what heroes do.
  1. the whole thing's been about xx 整件事都是关于xxx的
  
  2. rise to the challenge 迎接挑战
    The odds were against them,but the team rose to the challenge and managed to win the championship.
    形式对他们不利，但他们迎接挑战，最终获得了胜利。
    
    I'm toally confident that you'll rise to the challenge. 我相信你能直面挑战。
    
   3. no matter the odds 不论艰险
      no matter what the odds
      no matter what the odds are
      
      We stick together, no matter what the odds. 不管什么困难，我们都要在一起。
      
      You're someone who, no matter what the odds, will do what's right. 你说敢于客服万难，惩恶扬善的人。
      
      No matter what the odds, some warriors simply refuse to fall.
      无论遭遇何种劣势，某些勇士就是拒绝倒下。
      
      All you need to is to carve your own path, no matter what the odds are.
      所有你需要做的就是开辟自己的路，不管什么样的可能性。
   
